Alaska is roughly the same size as all 48 contiguous US states combined.
The Lego headquarters has had to be rebuilt three times due to shoddy construction.
Where’s Wally books are used in the entry exam for MI6.
Peppermint can’t be smelt by guinea pigs.
In Lesotho, it is considered rude not to offer someone a bite of your food before you start eating.
There is a nerveless area of skin half the size of a playing card on the top of your foot. Your brain compensates for it.
Percy Bysshe Shelley’s ‘Prometheus Unbound’ contains the first use of the word ‘Whoops’.
The kneecap is the roundest part of your body.
‘The Fellowship of the Ring’ is the most stolen book in the world.
Gold nuggets were named after chicken nuggets – not the other way around.
Prince Phillip is widely credited with the invention of the party popper.
Studies have shown that if you say, "Studies have shown" at the beginning of your facts, people are 83% more likely to blindly believe you.
There are no synonyms for thesaurus.
Lizards always run west when scared.
Emeril Lagasse refused to ever use a spatula.
Once a year all of Wikipedia is printed off and placed in a vault in Norway.
If George Washington hadn't became the president of the United States, his plan was to become a golf instructor.
Penguins have wavy feathers that produce a similar effect when moving through water as golf ball dimples do in the air.
The first sunglasses were actually animal skin scraped so thin that it became transparent.
By weight, bay leaves contain more caffeine than coffee beans. They are used to make a stimulating tea in Morocco.
The banana tree is the tallest growing grass in the world.
The producers of the movie ‘Air Bud’ are currently suing Apple for copyright infringement.
MRI scans of cat brains have revealed that they see humans as a prey species.
The toenail of your little toe is called the ‘spungle’.
The Boy Scouts were counted as part of the American military until 1986.
An adolescent owl is called a ‘novice’.
The National Library of Singapore uses woven human hair for bookmarks to preserve the condition of the pages.
While Thomas Crapper didn’t invent the toilet, he was killed by one.
In American Football, touchdowns were originally called ‘tapstops’.
The longest game of mah-jong ever lasted for three years. It finished when the house it was being played in burned down.
A solid gold fidget spinner has been made, but it broke its first users index finger due to its weight.
Sun Tzu’s ‘The Art of War’ is a sequel. The first book is lost forever.
By definition, a snake’s body is a limb.
Some airlines have special airplanes designated for Las Vegas flights which include a full size casino.
The Eiffel Tower has bumps along its ‘legs’ that spell the French national motto in braille.
The national anthem of Lithuania is palindromic. It plays backwards exactly the same way that it plays forwards.
Courgette is actually the feminine noun of cucumber.
Historical records indicate that the dairy cow’s moo used to be significantly louder than it currently is.
95% of people are pronouncing the name of the band ‘Live’ incorrectly.
The first bird to ever use an Xbox controller was a Kea called Parau.
X-rays cannot pass through Velcro.
The founders of Johnson & Johnson were not related.
Buzz Aldrin left a pen on the moon after the first visit. Eugene Cernan, the last moon walker, found it. It still worked.
Today, more messages are sent using carrier pigeons than are sent via fax.
On average, three people are injured every time an audience gives a standing ovation.
Cats lose balance if they walk into the wind as it messes with their whiskers and causes disorientation.
The @ symbol was invented by Charles de Gaulle.
The ‘Peter Piper Procession’ is a yearly contest wherein participants compete to say the ‘Peter Piper’ tongue twister the fastest.
The word "tacos" comes from the city which invented them; Tacoma, Washington.
The first video ever uploaded to Youtube had to be taken down in 2016 for violating their Terms of Service.
Thyme is technically a tree.
The roller coaster was invented during the Hundred Years’ War as a way of launching supplies across rivers.
There are more submarines in lakes right now than there are in the oceans.
The first pair of scissors was left-handed.
The phrase, ‘If pain persists, see your doctor’ has been copyrighted by Bayer.
The Nobel Prize for Physics has been awarded to a scientist who proved that a tree falling in the woods really does make a sound.
A furlong was defined as the distance a mule can run in two minutes.
The shoes of King Edward IV were weighted with lead to make his walk seem more imposing.
The first copy of the Oxford English dictionary is missing the word ‘dictionary’.
If you consistently don't use turn signals, don't worry, everyone loves you.
Hamsters are known to lay eggs similar in size to their own bodies.
The word "president" stands for "powerful resident".
46% of American residents claim that Ben Franklin is one of their top 10 favorite US presidents of all time.
